README.md, before:

# MacOS eye care app
This is an app that is meant to make you look away from your screen and is meant to keep your eyes more helthy. 
---
# How to download
To download this app just download the .zip file from the newest release and unzip it by double clicking on the .zip file. 
After you unzipped the file double click the "eyecare.app" you should get a pop-up that says thay you have to move the app to the trash. 
To still be able to run it go to:

**Settings -> Privacy & security** and scroll all the way down and click the "open anyways" button, then it should open the app. 

Releases link: https://github.com/thaclownminion/MacOS-eye-care/releases

## Disclaimer
I do not yet have a windows nor linux version and am working on it at the moment

## Plus
This app works on both intel and M/ARM chip based macbooks. 

## Where to find the app
You can find the app on the top of your screen (in the menu bar). 

# Features
This app blocks your screen for 20 secunds (that's the default, you can change this in the settings) of time every 20 minutes (that's the default, you can change this in the settings). 
You can set a focus time and in that time you won't be blocked. For example in a meeting. You can also decide to take your break at any time you want and the timer will reset. 
You can also set day for which you don't or do want the blocks to be happening. 
In the settings you can change the times for the blocks, every how many minutes you get blocked and on which days you want not or do want to be blocked (only when you select "weekly schedule". You can also set a timer so you can't change your settings for a set amount of time (this can also be set to 0 if you don't want this). You can also set a begin and start time of the block so you aren't behind your screen at late in the night. 
You also can add a notification 1, 2 or 5 minutes before your break splash screen shows up. I recomend the in-app notification function instead of the system notification because you have a countdown when the 1 minute notification appears, this is so you can save certain things or enable focus mode. 
There is also a sleep function mode but I do not recomend it yet due to it not working well yet. (It is something for the fututre)

# Credits
Creator: Kai Rozema

For sugestions: https://github.com/thaclownminion/MacOS-eye-care/issues
Contact: thaclownminion@users.noreply.github.com

If you have any good idea for new features or a new app please contact me, I would love to help!

Commit message:

README update
Corrected some wrongs and added the new feature descriptions.

README.md, after:

# MacOS eye care app
This is an app that is meant to make you look away from your screen so your eyes live a little longer!
---
# How to download
To download this app just download the .zip file from the newest release and unzip it by double clicking on the .zip file. 
After you unzipped the file double click the "eyecare.app" you should get a pop-up that says thay you have to move the app to the trash. 
To still be able to run it go to:

**Settings -> Privacy & security** and scroll all the way down and click the "open anyways" button, then it should open the app. 

Releases: https://github.com/thaclownminion/MacOS-eye-care/releases

## Disclaimer
I do not yet have a windows nor linux version and am working on it at the moment. 

## Plus
This app works on both intel and M/ARM chip based macbooks. 

## Where to find the app
You can find the app on the top of your screen (in the menu bar). 

# Features
This app blocks your screen for 20 secunds (that's the default, you can change this in the settings) of time every 20 minutes (that's the default, you can change this in the settings). 
You can set a focus time and in that time you won't be blocked. For example in a meeting. You can also decide to take your break at any time you want and the timer will reset. But after your focus session is over you can turn on a feature that makes sure that you can't do focus sessions back to back. 
You can also set day(s) for which you don't want any blocks, you can turn this off if you don't need this feature. 
In the settings you can change the amount of time between your breaks. At a break you won't be able to use your device until the timer has ended.  
You also can add notifications for 1, 2 and/or 5 minutes before your break. I recomend the in-app notification function instead of the system notification because you have a countdown when the 1 minute notification appears, but I do think that the system notifications do look a bit better. You also won't be able to quit the app from the menu bar, this might seems a bit unuseful but it is meant for when you don't quit the app because you don't want to have your break. **For quitting the app** you have to go to the settings than the Advanced tab where you have the quit button. There is also a feature that makes you have to wait and be on the window before you can quit the app, you can set a time for how long you have to wait before you can quit the app. 


# Credits
Creator: Kai Rozema

For sugestions and bugs: https://github.com/thaclownminion/MacOS-eye-care/issues

Contact: thaclownminion@users.noreply.github.com

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/kai_rozema" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>


If you have any good idea for new features or a new app please contact me, I would love to help!
